chore: doc wallet gateway overview section (#1199)
hyperledger-labs/splice-wallet-kernel: docs/wallet-gateway/src/overview/index.rst

Overview
========

This guide helps you build **dApps** (decentralized applications) that interact with the **Canton Network** through the **Wallet Gateway** or other dApp API-compatible wallets.
You use the **dApp SDK** in your frontend to connect users to their wallets, and the Wallet Gateway mediates between your dApp, Canton validator nodes, and signing providers.

What You're Building
--------------------

A typical setup involves:

- **dApp** — A web or mobile application that lets users view ledger data, create contracts, and submit transactions. Your dApp uses the dApp SDK to connect to a wallet and call the dApp API.
- **Wallet Gateway** — A server that exposes the dApp API and User API, manages sessions, and talks to Canton validators and signing providers.
- **Canton Network** — The distributed ledger. Validator nodes expose a Ledger API; the Wallet Gateway connects to them on behalf of authenticated users.

> - **Signing** — Transaction signing is handled by a **signing provider** (e.g. Canton participant, Fireblocks, Blockdaemon, or the Gateway’s internal store). Users create wallets (parties) tied to a network and a signing provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Signing** — Transaction signing is handled by a **signing provider** (e.g. Canton participant, Fireblocks or Blockdaemon). Users create wallets (parties) tied to a network and a signing provider. For testing purposes the Gateway allows using it for signing.
```
